d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\xNet.dll
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.EntityFrameworkCore.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\obj\Debug\VKAPI_WinForm.AuthorizationForm.resources
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\obj\Debug\VKAPI_WinForm.MainForm.resources
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\obj\Debug\ParseVK.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\obj\Debug\ParseVK.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\VKAPIWinForm.exe.config
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\VKAPIWinForm.exe
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\bin\Debug\VKAPIWinForm.pdb
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\obj\Debug\ParseVK.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\obj\Debug\VKAPIWinForm.exe
d:\_PROGRAMMING\DEVELOPMENT\C#\Solutions\14 Parsing Sites\VkAPI_WinForm\VKAPI-groups.get_WinForm-MySQLDB_for_GitHub\VKAPI_WinForm\obj\Debug\VKAPIWinForm.pdb
